# [Are you a Jedi or a Sith?]
[The following app is a quiz that takes the user through 5 questions, and depending on what choices the user makes, the app will determine if the user is a Jedi or a Sith. The app does this through utilizing variables that store user inputs and call backs to functions that add up the user inputs of the quiz and calculates the resulting value, i.e., if there were more sith values than jedi values and vice versa. The app then takes the resulting value and gives a unique text output option. The user then has the opportunity to fill out a feedback form at the end of the quiz to notify the developors of any issues or improvements that could be made. To operate, just simpy click through the buttons and enjoy an exhilierating journey of self-discovery. Find out who you are and who you want to be. A jedi to defend the galaxy, or a sith to take over once and for all!]

Discaimer: This app was made with aid from ChatGPT AI software. I utilized it specifically to aid me in the call back function that stores the user inputs and generates unique text at the last subpage. I was having trouble making the code compliant so I frequently asked chatGPT what errors were affecting my code's performance. In regards to additional ideas that chatGPT pulled, the ideas mostly came from w3-schools.com and stackoverflow.com. I also utilized chatGPT to assist me in the feedback form, it generated a sufficient framework of a code and I tweaked and adpated it to best fit my website. Overall, the use of AI helped facilitate my learning through pointing out errors, providing me with ideas, and giving me a better understanding of the best practices in HTML and JS.
